What is a coordinator object?
A. A manager object
B. An object that makes decisions based on a state machine
C. A decision-making object
D. An object that decides which entity object to interact with
C


How is a use case depicted on a use case diagram?
A. An oval
B. A stick figure
C. A box
D. A dashed line
A



AD
What is a software design method?
A. A systematic approach for producing a design
B. Guidelines used to help in structuring a software system into its components
C. An overall plan for developing a design
D. A graphical or textual description of the software
A


What do class structuring criteria help with?
A. Structuring an application into classes
B. Defining the attributes of a class
C. Defining the associations of a class
D. Defining the operations of a class
A


What is a use case?
A. A case study involving users
B. A sequence of interactions between the user and the system
C. A sequence of interactions between the user and the objects in the System
D. A sequence of user inputs to the system
C


What is a software design notation?
A. Notes about the software design.
B. A graphical or textual description of the software.
C. Documentation of the software.
D. A systematic approach for producing a design.
B


What is an actor in a use case?
A. An object inside the system
B. A person who performs on stage
C. An external entity that interacts with the system
D. The customer to whom the system will be delivered
C


What are software structuring criteria?
A. Fundamental ideas that can be applied to designing a system.
B. Systematic approaches for producing a design.
C. Guidelines used to help in structuring a software system into its components.
D. Overall plans for developing a design.
C


What is software design strategy?
A. A graphical or textual description of the software.
B. A fundamental idea that can be applied to designing a system.
C. A systematic approach for producing a design.
D. An overall plan and direction for developing a design.
D


What does a deployment diagram depict?
A. The physical configuration of the system in terms of physical classes and physical connections between the classes.
B. The physical configuration of the system in terms of physical objects and physical connections between the objects.
C. The physical configuration of the system in terms of physical nodes and physical connections between the nodes.
D. The physical configuration of the system in terms of physical computers and physical networks between the computers.
C


What is a class?
A. An obbject instance.
B. The implementation of the object.
C. A collection of objects with the same characteristics.
D. A collection of objects with different characteristics.
C


What is a software life cycle?
A. The life of the software.
B. A cyclic approach to developing software.
C. A phased approach to developing software.
D. The life of software developed in cycles.
C


What is carried out during requirements modeling?
A. Functional requirements of the system are described in terms of functions, inputs, and outputs.
B. Functional requirements of the system are described in terms of actors and use cases.
C. Functional requirements of the system are described textually.
D. Functional requirements of the system are determined by interviewing users.
B


What is a state-dependent control object?
A. An object that depends on a state machine.
B. An object that communicates with a state machine.
C. An object that controls a state machine.
D. An object that executes a state machine.
D


What is software modeling?
A. Developing models of software.
B. Designing software applications before coding.
C. Developing software diagrams.
D. Developing software prototypes.
B


What is a platform-specific model (PSM)?
A. A specific hardware platform.
B. A precise model of the software architecture before a commitment is made to a specific platform.
C. A precise model of the software architecture mapped to a specific platform.
D. A graphical or textual description of the software.
C


What is a software design concept?
A. A graphical or textual description of the software.
B. Documentation of the software.
C. A fundamental idea that can be applied to designing a system.
D. A systematic appproach for producing a design
C


What is information hiding in software design?
A. Hiding information so that it cannot be found.
B. Hiding a design decision that is considered likely to change.
C. Hiding information to make it secure.
D. Encapsulating data in a class.
B


What are the two kinds of UML interaction diagrams?
A. Class diagram and sequence diagram.
B. Sequence diagram and communication diagram.
C. Class diagram and communication diagram.
D. Statechart and communication diagram.
B


What does an interaction diagram depict?
A. The state and transitions inside a control object.
B. Classes and their relationships.
C. Software objects and the sequence of their interactions.
D. The external objects communicating with the system
C


What is evolutionary protoryping?
A. Phased software development
B. Throwaway prototyping
C. Risk-driven development
D. Incremental development
D


What is a platform-independent model (PIM)?
A. A software platform before a commitment is made to a specific hardware platform.
B. A precise model of the software architecture before a commitment is made to a specific platform.
C. A precise model of the software architecture mapped to a specific platform.
D. A graphical or textual descriptiong of the software.
B


What does a statechart diagram depict?
A. Objects and links.
B Classes and relationships.
C. Objects and messages.
D. States and events.
D


How is an actor depicted on a use case diagram?
A. An oval
B. A stick figure
C. A box
D. A dashed line
B


What is a control object?
A. An object that depends on other objects.
B. An object that communicates with an external objects.
C. An object that controls other objects.
D. An object that is controlled by other objects.
C


What can an inclusion use case be used for?
A. To describe an inclusive use case
B. To describe a lengthy interaction with an actor
C. To describe functionality that is common to more than one use case
D. To describe a use case that includes other use cases
C


What is carried out during analysis modeling?
A. Developing use case models
B. Developing data flow and entity relationships diagrams
C. Developing static and dynamic models
D. Developing software architectures
C


Which of the following is a limitation of the waterfall life cycle model?
A. Software is developed in phases.
B. Each phase is completed before the next phase is started.
C. Software development is cyclic.
D. Software requirements are not properly tested until a working system is available.
D


What does the system context class diagram define?
A. The entity classes in the system.
B. How the system interfaces to other systems.
C. The boundary between the system and the external environment
D. The context classes in the system
C


What is a boundary object?
A. An external object
B. An object that stores data
C. An object that communicates with an external object
D. An object that controls other objects.
C